hello welcome to another edition of gold
cup today I'm Samantha Eric and we
finally have made it to the
quarterfinals games will be played this
weekend the first set of games on
Saturday in Atlanta second round the
games would be on Sunday in Baltimore
including us vs el salvador let's take a
look quickly and how these brackets have
lined up I'm here with our very own greg
lalas to help break down these
quarterfinal games Greg we're gonna do
this in a little bit of a different way
rapid-fire question bring it come on
fire away so we're gonna start first up
the Panama versus Cuba maps so Cuba has
proven to be a very good team throughout
this tournament their last game moving
them into the quarterfinals very fast
but what do they need to do to make it
past this Panama team well they need to
continue to show all of that speed
particularly Ariella Martinez who I
think is taking the Gold Cup by storm
with everything he did especially that
game against the United States when he
scorched Edgar Castillo down the side
and got the cost him but Jose cipriana
in the middle must also play well he's
the guy who's going to have to score the
gold and defensively I've been very
impressed by a young defender they have
named Renee Mel Blanc who I think Mel
Blanc I believe with has done very well
in back if they're gonna stop Gabby
Torres he has to be on and the old man
ortolan Molina the goalkeeper must be
strong all right Greg next up Mexico
taking on trinidad and tobago who is the
key player I'm trinidad and tobago that
could help them get past this Mexican
team I think the most important player
for them was actually going to be Carlos
Edwards the left midfielder has to be
creative if he's going to get four he
has to push into the attack he came as a
sub in the last game against Honduras
but I think he's gonna start from the
beginning and if he can be that guy to
stretch the defense for Mexico that
allows the defending side from Trinidad
to get forward they have to deny service
into Marco Fabian if they're going to
have any chance to do that they need to
stretch the whole Mexican team right
Greg moving on to sunday's games first
up honduras vs costa rica this seems to
be the most
in matchup in this quarterfinal round
but if Costa Rica continues playing
their defensive first style of play does
hung doors have the attacking power to
break them I think they do if you look
at guys like Ronnie Martinez and Roger
Rojas they have the attacking the
players to do it the question is whether
the mentality is there interestingly on
Thursday Honduras legend David suazo
showed up at training in Baltimore to
give them a little bit of a boost
because it was a little bit a tip on
Twitter between Mario Martinez and some
other hunter and players so he showed up
to say guys you have to get your
mentality right and I think it gave all
of them a little bit of a boost and I
think Honduras has plenty to get past
with Arika alright last game of the
quarterfinals we're going to talk about
here the US verse El Salvador Greg what
do you make of Klinsmann's changes to
his roster well people have been talking
about this for the last couple of days
and really actually on Twitter I
wondered whether they needed to bring
these in someone had mentioned they're
bringing in the cavalry well do you need
to bring in the cavalry on a team that's
just 18 in a row including their three
groups age games but you know what I
think that bringing in Gordon brings
some more options up top that's an
interesting one to me now they have a
guy up top who can really hold the ball
up Johnson gives them some more speed i
think that Klinsmann wants to just
continue to work him into the lineup and
B's ler and eventually gonzalez when he
joins for the semis if they get through
he's the one hang on I need some extra
time I need some extra time or stoppage
time can we get some Salvage time I
think we can get things all right it is
the u.s. it is the US but I think that
these have been some good decisions but
I Klinsmann really it shows he wants to
go and try and get the victory get the
Turk trophy in this one all right well
since we already had some stuff and sign
no fun no class we got four minutes or
something that's great so Greg what does
El Salvador have to do to try and get
past this strong yet I think they'll
Salvador have to pray that's a big thing
I think they look el salvador have
obviously Rodolfo Zelaya everyone is
talking about him everyone loves him but
that's not enough you need more than
that to stop this US team the way Landon
Donovan is playing in particular
is the game changer for the US and I
don't think that evens alya can stay
with him in terms of his impact on the
game you look at a guy like Richard
monkey bar the holding midfielder for El
Salvador good young player born in
Southern California but he's still not
enough either there are too many weapons
on this US team to really start for El
Salvador to to get by question is
whether they bunker in and just get
lucky that's the thing so that's where
it comes down to prayer all right well
the US vs el salvador you can catch that
game on sunday at 4pm on Fox and we'll
be there with all the coverage in
Baltimore that's all we have for gold
tuck today we'll be back on Monday
giving you a full breakdown above the
quarter final games before the seven
you